Toriteng log transaction customization (#16761)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/group.md

{{< img src="logs/explorer/transactions_side_panel.png" alt="The transaction log panel showing logs within the selected transaction" style="width:80%;" >}}

> When a start or end condition is used to define a transaction, clicking on a transaction group in the list opens the transaction group side panel from which you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a start or end condition is used to define a transaction, click on a transaction group in the list to open the transaction group side panel, from which you can:
```
